{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 LinLibertineO;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierPrime;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green255\blue79;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 If you ever find that after navigating through multiple documents you are not sure where the current document is located in the binder, you can simply use }{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 View > Reveal in Binder}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  (}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Ctrl+Shift+8}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 ) to force the binder to show you where you are. Right now, since you used a menu to get here, the Binder isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t highlighting what you are looking at. Try using the shortcut or menu command to focus the binder selection on Step 3. This is especially useful if the item you are looking to locate is buried beneath many sub-folders and not even visible.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Okay, so let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s get familiar with the editor. At the bottom of the window, you can see a grey bar containing a pop-up button with a percentage in it (135% by default) and a live word and character count. This is the \u8220\'93footer view\u8221\'94. Try typing something in the yellow area below:}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tqr\tx7833\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 \tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Done that? You will see that the word and character count in the footer view changes as you type. Now try changing the percentage in the drop-down menu at the bottom, too (click on it and select a new percentage)\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 you will see that you can make the text bigger or smaller (useful for tired eyes). Feel free to set that to a comfortable level for the remainder of this tutorial.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Scriptwriting Mode}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 The footer view will change depending on what you are viewing inside the document. For instance, if you are typing a script (such as a movie screenplay), the footer view will give you information on the various script elements. Try selecting }{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Format > Scriptwriting > Script Mode - Screenplay}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  from the main menu now. You will see another pop-up menu appear on the right saying \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93General Text\u8221\'94 (this just means that the currently selected text isn\u8217\'92t recognised as a part of a screenplay). Click into the text on the line below:}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f3\fs24 CLICK INTO THIS TEXT.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Now try selecting different elements from the pop-up menu on the right of the footer view. You will see that the above text automatically gets reformatted to the script element you selected, and the footer view will show what will happen if you press the tab or enter keys (which will move you to the next script element). Note that you can hit }{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Ctrl+\\}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  to bring up that menu automatically and then hit one of the keys specified in the menu to select an element without taking your hands off the keyboard.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Scriptwriting mode is saved on a document-by-document basis, so you can switch between documents that use script formatting and regular text documents. The icons of documents in the binder that use scriptwriting mode are yellow and have a 3-hole punch along the left side, so that you can easily tell them apart from other text documents.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Right, let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s return to normal prose mode now. Select }{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Format > Scriptwriting > Script Mode - Screenplay}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  (}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Ctrl+4}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 ) again to de-select screenplay mode.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Other Files}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 For PDF files, the footer view allows you to navigate between the pages. Click on \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93spacewalk_info\u8221\'94 in the Research folder to test this out, and then come back here by clicking on the \u8220\'93back\u8221\'94 arrow in the header view.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 All good so far, I hope. Now let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s familiarise ourselves with some other basic features. Click on \u8220\'93Step 4: Full Screen\u8221\'94 in the binder.}}