{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino Linotype;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red236\green242\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24


\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf1 \clcbpat3\cellx8640

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\tx1020{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Quick Start Note: }{\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 If you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re viewing the \u8220\'93Quick Start\u8221\'94 collection in the binder, please dismiss it for now and return to the full binder by clicking on the \u8220\'93X\u8221\'94 in the bottom-right of the binder area.  (Otherwise, this step of the tutorial describing the binder will not make much sense!) To return to the \u8220\'93Quick Start\u8221\'94 collection when you\u8217\'92ve finished this step, simply click on the \u8220\'93Quick Start\u8221\'94 tab above the binder. (Ignore this if you did not choose only to view the \u8220\'93Quick Start\u8221\'94 collection when you started this tutorial.)}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf1 \clcbpat3\cellx8640
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 When you first open a Scrivener project, by default you are presented with two panes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 1. T}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 HE}{\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0  B}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 INDER}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 On the left, you can see a list of files: the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93binder\u8221\'94. This is an outline view that contains three default folders: \u8220\'93Draft\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Research\u8221\'94, and \u8220\'93Trash\u8221\'94. You can rename these folders to whatever you like by double-clicking on them (in some of the templates, for instance, the Draft folder has been renamed to \u8220\'93Manuscript\u8221\'94). The binder is where you organise your project by creating a structure and dragging and dropping your documents wherever you want.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 The contents of the Draft folder represent the text fragments that will be compiled into one long document when you export or print using }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 File > Compile\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 , which is the standard way of preparing your finished project for printing or final formatting in a dedicated word processor. This is very much the }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 raison d\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92\u234\'EAtre}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  of Scrivener\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 to assemble the text of your manuscript in the Draft folder for printing or export. (As such, the Draft folder is unique in that it can }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 only}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  hold text files and folders.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 The Research folder can hold text or media files (images, PDF files, video files and so on). You don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have to put all research files into the Research folder, though\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 you can create other folders for your support materials anywhere you want.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 The Trash folder speaks for itself; whenever you \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93delete\u8221\'94 a document it ends up here. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Documents aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t deleted completely until you select \u8220\'93Empty Trash\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 from the Project menu}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 so there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s no way you can accidentally delete a file in Scrivener.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 2. T}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 HE}{\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0  E}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 DITOR}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Next to the binder you have the main editor, which displays the current document. The main editor is what you are looking at right now as you read this text document. There are several ways to load a document in the editor, but the one you will use most often is simply selecting a file in the binder, as you did to load this one. Scrivener allows you to create or import any number of text documents. You can also import image, web, movie and PDF documents. To import documents, use }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 File > Import > Files\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  or simply drag the files you wish to import from File Explorer into the binder of your Scrivener project.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 You can change the current document by clicking on another item in the binder. Try that now\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 double-click a word in this sentence to select it (you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll see why in a moment), then click on \u8220\'93Alhambra\u8221\'94 inside the \u8220\'93Research\u8221\'94 folder (you may need to expand the Research folder first by clicking on the triangle\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 or [+] sign in Windows XP\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 next to it) and then return here (\u8220\'93Step 1: Beginnings\u8221\'94).}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 See how the selection that you created before is saved and scrolled to automatically? Scrivener always remembers your cursor position and selection, even between sessions. Use this way of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93bookmarking your spot\u8221\'94 to your advantage as you progress through the tutorial.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 So now you know that this area can be used to view different types of documents, not just text.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s try switching between documents again. You see the document on the left beneath this one, the one entitled \u8220\'93Step 2: Header View\u8221\'94? Click on it now. (Or, if you are going through the \u8220\'93Quick Start\u8221\'94 collection only, click on \u8220\'93Step 5: The Inspector\u8221\'94.)}}