{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red170\green170\blue0;\red246\green240\blue187;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Now we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll look at the \u8220\'93Comments & Footnotes\u8221\'94 pane\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 don\u8217\'92t worry about clicking on the button in the inspector header bar just yet though (for your reference, the \u8220\'93Comments & Footnotes\u8221\'94 button is the one with the \u8220\'93n.\u8221\'94 inside a square speech bubble).}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Comments and footnotes in Scrivener work a little like comments in Word or OpenOffice, but they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not exactly the same. Let\u8217\'92s take a look at them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 For a start, click on the orange highlighted text in the sentence below:}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0 This sentence has a comment }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1C682967-8153-4C11-B000-89DB19D10081"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs32\b0\i0 attached}}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 .}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Note how the inspector automatically switches to the Comments & Footnotes pane, and the comment associated with the text gets selected.}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Next, click on the grey footnote}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1  in the inspector}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 , directly below the highlighted comment.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0 This sentence has a footnote }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://4ABF7FDD-A111-40AA-A9C2-811C5A585BB7"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs32\b0\i0 attached.}}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 See how clicking on the note in the inspector automatically selects the text associated with it in the main editor?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 If you click on a note in the inspector, the editor will automatically scroll to the position in the text where the note has been placed. This allows you to use the comments and footnotes to navigate the text, which means you can use them for personal placeholders, too. Try scrolling to the bottom of this document, and then clicking the orange comment to return to the spot where it is anchored.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Adding Comments And Footnotes}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s try adding some comments and footnotes. There are a couple of ways of doing this. First, select some of the text in the following sentence:}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0 Select some of the text in this sentence.}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Once you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve selected a word or two in the above sentence, either click on the \u8220\'93+\u8221\'94 button in the top \u8220\'93Comments & Footnotes\u8221\'94 bar in the inspector or use the }{\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Format > Comment}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  menu command. A new comment will be created in the inspector and it will be selected ready for editing\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 add some text. Once you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve finished typing in the comment, tap the }{\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Esc}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  key to return to the editor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Alternatively, you can just click into or after a word to add a comment or footnote to it. This time, just click into the word \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93commented\u8221\'94 below so that the blinking insertion point (or caret) is somewhere inside it:}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0 This sentence will be commented.}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Again, create a comment using your preferred method. Note how the whole word \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93commented\u8221\'94 gets a comment associated with it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s try it with a footnote too. Place the cursor anywhere in the last word of the following sentence:}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i0 This sentence will have a footnote after it when exported or printed.}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 This time, click on the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93+fn\u8221\'94 button in the inspector (note that you can add icons for \u8220\'93Footnote\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Comment\u8221\'94 to the Format Bar by using }{\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Tools > Customize Toolbar\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 ).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Note how the footnote gets attached to the word \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93printed\u8221\'94, including the full stop. It generally doesn\u8217\'92t matter where you attach comments, because they are usually for your own (or collaborators\u8217\'92) reference only, but with footnotes you should always ensure that the footnote link (the grey highlight) ends at exactly in the place you want the footnote number to appear when printed or exported. Since the footnote highlight ends right after the full stop, that means the footnote number will be inserted there, which is usually what you will want.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cb2\highlight2


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clcbpat4\cellx7760

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Excluding Punctuation from Footnotes}
\par\plain \intbl\itap1{\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In some languages, footnote markers are placed before the final period of the sentence rather than after it. If you write in such a language, you can turn on \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Terminate footnotes and comments before punctuation\u8221\'94 in the \u8220\'93Editor\u8221\'94 panel of }{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Tools > Options}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clcbpat4\cellx7760
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Changing The Colour Of Comments}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 You can change the colour of comments by right-clicking on a comment in the inspector. The contextual menu offers a choice of default colours, or you can open the colour chooser to choose a custom colour with \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0 More\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94. You cannot change the colour of footnotes, which use a single colour to differentiate them from comments, although you can choose the background colour for all footnotes in the \u8220\'93Appearance\u8221\'94 panel of Options.}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\fi560\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 The contextual menu also allows you to convert comments to footnotes and vice versa, and to revert comments or footnotes to their default formatting (you can set the default fonts in the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Appearance\u8221\'94 Options panel).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Comments and footnotes are thus tucked away in the inspector until you need them. When you come to export or print\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 which we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll come to later\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 you have a lot of control over how comments and footnotes get included in the document. For instance, you could have all comments removed but footnotes included as proper footnotes, or you could have comments exported as footnotes and footnotes exported as endnotes. But if that sounds complicated, it\u8217\'92s not something you need to worry about right now\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 just know that if you want to make notes on your document, or add footnotes, this is one way to do it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi560\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Now let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s move onto \u8220\'93Step 6: End of Part One\u8221\'94!}}