{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino Linotype;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 As a writer, the chances are that you will on occasion be nervous about committing changes to your text. This is what the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Snapshots\u8221\'94 feature is for. Before embarking on editing a document, you can click on \u8220\'93Take Snapshot\u8221\'94 (}{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Ctrl+5}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 ) in the }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Documents > Snapshots}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  menu. You will hear the sound of a camera shutter which indicates that the snapshot has been taken. Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s try that now\u8230\'85}
\par\pard\plain \fi560\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Once you have taken a snapshot, you can edit your document safe in the knowledge that you can return to the old version any time you so wish. Click on the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Snapshots\u8221\'94 button (the one with the picture of a camera on it) in the inspector header bar to see what I mean (you can also switch directly to the Snapshots pane and have the inspector open if necessary by going to }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Documents > Snapshots > Show Snapshots}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 ). The inspector now shows a list of snapshots at the top, which should consist of the one you took and one I took while writing the first version of this tutorial back in 2006. Clicking on a snapshot in the list reveals its text in the lower part of the inspector. You can restore an older version of your text by selecting the version you want from the list and then clicking on \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Roll Back\u8221\'94 at the top (at which point, you will be given the option of taking another snapshot of your current version, just in case you forgot).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Snapshots are very useful for keeping old versions of your text around and for checking what you have changed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Now let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s move on to Step 5h for information on the comments and footnotes pane.}}