{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 LinLibertineO;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f1\fs26\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 If you click on the button at the top of the inspector with the icon of a tag on it, you will by default be presented with a blank grey area with the message \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No Meta-Data Fields Defined\u8221\'94 and a button with the title \u8220\'93Define Meta-Data Fields\u8230\'85\u8221\'94. This area can be populated with custom meta-data that you create for your project, and the data that can be viewed here can also be viewed as custom columns in the outliner. This provides a way of assigning arbitrary information to your documents. For instance, if writing fiction, you could add a meta-data field for the time at which a scene takes place, or you could add a list of characters that appear.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\fi562\sa120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 We first need to define some custom meta-data fields, though. Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s do that now:}
\par\pard\plain \li850\fi561\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs26\b0\i0	1.	}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Click on the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Define Meta-Data Fields\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 button (alternatively, you can choose \u8220\'93Edit Custom Meta-Data Settings\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 from the menu that appears when you click on the gear button in the \u8220\'93Custom Meta-Data\u8221\'94 bar, or select \u8220\'93Meta-Data Settings\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 from the Project menu and then choose the \u8220\'93Custom Meta-Data\u8221\'94 tab).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs26\b0\i0	2.	}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Click on the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93+\u8221\'94 button in the bottom-left of the sheet that you\u8217\'92ve opened, and enter \u8220\'93Date\u8221\'94 into the row that gets added to the table.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs26\b0\i0	3.	}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Click on the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93+\u8221\'94 button again and this time enter \u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94. For this one, also click on the \u8220\'93Wrap Text\u8221\'94 checkbox.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs26\b0\i0	4.	}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Click \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OK\u8221\'94 to accept the changes and dismiss the sheet.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\fi562\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 The Custom Meta-Data pane in the inspector will now show the two fields you created above. Click into the field under \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Date\u8221\'94 and type something, then do the same for \u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94. Note that the \u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94 field will expand to fit the text, because you selected \u8220\'93Wrap Text\u8221\'94.}
\par\pard\plain \fi562\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 You can view all custom meta-data in columns in the outliner view, too (which is covered in Step 10).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 For many projects you may not need to touch custom meta-data at all, but if you ever find yourself wishing for an extra piece of information in the outliner or inspector, then it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s good to know that it\u8217\'92s there.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Next, on to one of Scrivener\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s most useful features for editing documents: \u8220\'93Snapshots\u8221\'94.}}