{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 LinLibertineO;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs26\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 The \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93General\u8221\'94 pane in the middle of the inspector contains several meta-data elements:}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b0\i1\ul\ulc0 Label and Status}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Label and status are just arbitrary tags you can assign to your document. You can set up the project labels and status list via }{\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Project > Meta-Data Settings\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  You might, for instance, rename \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Label\u8221\'94 to \u8220\'93POV\u8221\'94 (for Point of View) and use it to hold the name of the point-of-view character for each document. This way, you could easily run a search on all scenes that have a particular character as the protagonist by searching on label only (don\u8217\'92t worry, we\u8217\'92ll get into the details of how to do that later). Status works much the same, except that it is set up to keep track of the state of the document by default\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 for instance, \u8220\'93Finished\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93To do\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93A mess\u8221\'94 and so forth\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 although you can rename it and use it for something completely different, should you so wish. If you change the titles for these meta-data types, the General Meta-Data section will show your custom title instead of the default \u8220\'93Label\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Status\u8221\'94.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b0\i1\ul\ulc0 Created/Modified Date}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Switch between the created and modified date by clicking on the arrows next to where it says \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Created:\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Modified:\u8221\'94. No surprises here\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 as you would expect, the created date holds the date and time the document was first created and the modified date holds the date and time the document was last modified and saved.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b0\i1\ul\ulc0 Include in Compile, Page Break Before and Compile As-Is}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\sa120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 These options affect how the document is compiled when you come to export or print the draft (which we will come to later). They only have any meaning if the document is contained inside the Draft folder. They are mostly self-explanatory:}
\par\pard\plain \li850\fi561\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f3\fs26\b1\i0	\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Include in Compile}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  specifies whether the document should be included in or omitted from the draft when exported or printed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f3\fs26\b1\i0	\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Page Break Before}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  specifies whether the document should have a page break before it (useful if it marks the beginning of a chapter, for instance).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f3\fs26\b1\i0	\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Compile As-Is}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  tells the compilation process not to change the formatting or insert a title for this particular document, no matter what the Compile settings are.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\fi562\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 You can view all meta-data in columns in the outliner view, too (which is covered in Part 10).}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Next, let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s look at the \u8220\'93Notes\u8221\'94 pane\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 click on \u8220\'935c: Notes\u8221\'94 in the binder.}}