{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 The Format Bar}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 The format bar runs horizontally just below the toolbar and allows you to access common formatting commands easily. From the format bar you can change the font, text alignment, line spacing, text and highlight colour, and create lists. You can turn the format bar on or off by choosing the }{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Format > Format Bar}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  menu command. Note that if you right-click (or click and hold) the text colour or highlight buttons in the format bar, a menu will appear that allows you to choose from a selection of colours (clicking on the buttons directly applies the currently-selected colour). You can customise what appears in the format bar with the }{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Tools > Customize Toolbars\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  menu command.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 The Format Menu}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 The Format menu provides various ways of formatting your text which are standard in many applications along with some that are unique to Scrivener, the latter of which are listed below.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Highlight}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Pretty straightforward, this one. Choose from several standard highlighter pen colours to highlight your text. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Inline Annotation And Footnotes}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0  Inline annotations and footnotes allow you to make notes right inside your text.They look like this:}
\par\pard\plain \fi560\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This text has a footnote after it.\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  This is a footnote.\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  When the text is compiled, exported or printed, this footnote will be turned into a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93real\u8221\'94 footnote (or endnote).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=1.000000\\G=0.000000\\B=0.000000\} \\text=And this is an annotation. Annotations can be completely removed from the text when you compile, print or export.\\end_Scrv_annot\}}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Each was created by selecting the text and choosing either \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Inline Annotation\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Inline Footnote\u8221\'94 from the Format menu. Alternatively, you can also just choose \u8220\'93Inline Annotation\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Inline Footnote\u8221\'94 with no selection and start typing (note that you can change the colour of an annotation in the Appearance tab of }{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Tools > Options...}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 ). When you export your work, ranges of text defined as footnotes can be turned into real RTF footnotes that can be read by Word, OpenOffice.org, WordPerfect and other major word processors. Ranges of text defined as annotations can be turned into RTF comments (which Word can read) or omitted altogether. One thing to note is that when you create inline footnotes, the grey bubble should start exactly where you want the footnote marker to appear in the printed or exported text. Just think of the whole bubble as being the number in the final text.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Scrivener Links}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Scrivener links are much like web hyperlinks, except that they link to other documents within the current Scrivener project. To create a Scrivener link, select the name of the document to which you wish to make a link from the Scrivener Links menu in the Edit menu. This will create a hyperlink in your text document. Alternatively, choose \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93New Link\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 to bring up a dialogue box that allows you to create a new document to which to link, or to choose from existing documents in the project. Clicking on a Scrivener link will open the linked document in a split pane. Scrivener links can be useful for creating tables of contents or references within your research.}
\par\pard\plain \fi560\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Try clicking on the Scrivener link below:}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi560\qc\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://66C378B7-8588-4291-912A-E66919F400E0"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Spacewalk Info}}
\par\pard\plain \fi560\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 A PDF document will be opened in a new pane. Close the split pane and then move on to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Step 19\u8221\'94 in the binder.}}