{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino Linotype;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Okay, so you imported all your work into Scrivener. But you had a lot of long documents and now you want to chop them up so that you can experiment with moving the various parts around. No problem. The Documents menu features }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Split > At Selection }{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 and}{\f1\fs26\b1\i0  Split > with Selection as Title}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 . These features allow you to chop up existing documents very easily and quickly. With \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Split at Selection\u8221\'94, you simply click inside a text document so that the cursor is at the point where you want to split the document. Selecting this menu option will split the document into two at the cursor point. Try putting the cursor at the beginning of the next paragraph and doing that now.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 You should see that your input focus has been moved to the Binder so you can name this new chunk of text, and everything prior to the point above has been removed from this document. Click on the prior document in the Binder, and you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll see the previous bit of text from before the split. Use the back button to return here when you are done.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Sample Title}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Split with Selection as Title\u8221\'94 works in much the same way, except you select a range of text before clicking on it. The selected text will become the title of the newly-created document. This is useful, for instance, if you have a long document containing several chapters each with a title you want to use as the document title. Try triple-clicking the \u8220\'93Sample Title\u8221\'94 line above, and using the }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Split > with Selection as Title}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  menu command.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 You can also merge documents. Selecting several documents in the binder and then choosing }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Documents > Merge}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  will merge the selected documents into one. Select the top \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Step 17\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 item in the Binder, and then Shift-click on the \u8220\'93Sample Title\u8221\'94 document. Use }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Documents > Merge}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  to join them back together. A single empty line will be inserted in between each of the merged documents to make it easier to see where the joins were.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Next we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll look at some of the text options available in Scrivener. Click on \u8220\'93Step 18\u8221\'94 in the binder.}}