{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino Linotype;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 This has been a fairly thorough tour of all of the main features of Scrivener (or not so thorough if you only went through the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Quick Start\u8221\'94 documents, but enough to get you up and running, I hope). You probably won\u8217\'92t use half of the features you\u8217\'92ve just learned for some time\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 in fact, on a daily basis, you will probably only use the most basic features of writing in the editor, creating new documents, and moving documents around in the binder. Everything in Scrivener gets out of your way until you need it\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 but at least you know what\u8217\'92s available and have a good idea of what you can do.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s plenty of other stuff in there, too. For instance, I neglected to mention the project targets and statistics features in the Project menu, which you may well use frequently if you need to write to a particular length. They are fairly self-explanatory, though, so just try them out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 What else? Well, once again, remember that Scrivener expects you to put everything that you want to export as part of your manuscript (okay, typescript for the pedants) inside the Draft folder. And remember that Scrivener is really about \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93hammering out\u8221\'94 that draft; it is not a word processor or full page layout program, so at some point\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 unless you just want a very basic manuscript\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 you may well want to move your work into a word processor or dedicated scriptwriting program for final formatting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Experiment! You should be able to work out the rest by playing with the program. If you get stuck, be sure to check out the comprehensive Scrivener Manual from the Help menu. Note that it is a PDF, so while you are learning the program you might consider importing it into your working project binder\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s research section for easy access. If you still have a problem, check out the knowledge base, or take a look at some of our tutorial videos on the web page:}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.literatureandlatte.com/wiki"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs26\b0\i0 http://scrivener.tenderapp.com/help/kb}}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.literatureandlatte.com/videos.php"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs26\b0\i0 http://www.literatureandlatte.com/videos.php}}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 And of course, if you are still baffled, post a question on the user forums!}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.literatureandlatte.com/forum"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs26\b0\i0 http://www.literatureandlatte.com/forum}}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Likewise, if you encounter any bugs or glitches, no matter how small\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and especially if you experience a crash\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 please post to the forums or e-mail us at }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "mailto:windows.support@literatureandlatte.com"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs26\b0\i0 windows.support@literatureandlatte.com}}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 We hope you enjoy using Scrivener and find it a useful tool, and offer our heartfelt thanks to you for choosing Scrivener (or considering it) as the tool for your own writing.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Next Steps}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 You are now ready to begin your own project\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 go to }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 File > New Project}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  to get going. Happy writing!}}