{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino Linotype;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f1\fs26\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Saving}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 A very important aspect of a program such as Scrivener is how it saves documents. Scrivener auto-saves so that you don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have to worry about saving at all if you don\u8217\'92t want to. That said, if you\u8217\'92re anything like me, \u8220\'93not worrying\u8221\'94 about saving is an impossibility, so here is how things work: every time you make a change to a document, the name of your project in the Windows title bar will have an asterisk (*) placed after it to indicate that there are unsaved changes. At this point, Scrivener knows that it needs to save as soon as possible. It does so as soon as there is no activity for two seconds or more (although you can change the amount of time it waits in the \u8220\'93General\u8221\'94 tab in Options)\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that way, saving a large document will not interrupt what you are doing. It also checks whether it needs to save when a project is closed and when you quit the application, and saves if so. Once things are saved, the asterisk is removed from the Windows title bar.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Although the auto-save feature keeps your work safe 99.99999% of the time, and while I hope you never experience any crashes, every program has the occasional bug lurking around, so for the sake of your\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and my\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 own sanity, there is a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93force save\u8221\'94 feature. This just works the same way as a normal save in a regular app. Hit }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Ctrl+S}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  or go to }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 File > Save}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  to force any changes you have made to be saved without having to wait the two seconds for an auto-save. Note that because of the auto-save feature, if you close a project while the asterisk is in the title bar, you will not be asked whether you want to save your changes, as many programs do, because the changes will be saved automatically.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Writing Multiple Books In The Same Project}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\sa120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Generally, Scrivener is set up based on the assumption that each Scrivener project will contain a single book (or writing project). When you compile, you compile the entire Draft folder into a single manuscript. In the section on Compile, though, we briefly looked at how you can choose to compile only a subfolder of the Draft. If you really want to write more than one book in the same project - perhaps you have a series of books that rely on the same research, for instance - you can easily do so by taking advantage of this feature. Here\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s how:}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-160\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs26\b0\i0	1.	}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Set up a different folder for each book inside the Draft folder.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs26\b0\i0	2.	}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Organise each book folder as though it were the Draft folder for that book.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs26\b0\i0	3.	}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 In the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94 pane of Compile, choose the folder containing the book you wish to compile from the pop-up button above the list of documents.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Layouts}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 If you find yourself opening and closing the binder and inspector frequently, or spending a lot of time setting up the corkboard or outliner view to appear in the right place for a particular task, check out the Layouts feature, which can be accessed by selecting \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Layout Manager\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 from the }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Window > Layouts}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  menu. This allows you to save the state of the interface and quickly return to it at a later time.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Scratch Pad}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 If you have to gather a lot of research in other applications and find yourself doing a lot of copying and pasting into Scrivener, the Scratch Pad may be useful. The scratch pad is a tool that can be called up with the }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Tools > Scratch Pad}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  menu command (}{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Ctrl+Shift+0}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 ). You can then paste or type any notes into it and send them to one of your open projects straight away or at some point later (Scratch Pad notes are saved in a folder on your hard drive that you can specify in the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93General\u8221\'94 tab of Options).}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Backing Up Your Work}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Back Up To... (available from the }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 File > Back Up}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  menu) is your friend... Use it frequently to save copies of your project (you can save copies as archived .zip files, too) to ensure that your work is always backed up. You can also set up your projects to be backed up automatically whenever they are opened or closed, using the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Backup\u8221\'94 tab of Options.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 File Format}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Just a quick note on the file format, by the way: Scrivener projects are actually folders on your disk with a number of files inside of them. The entire folder with a name ending in \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93.scriv\u8221\'94 (for example, if you saved your tutorial as \u8220\'93Tutorial\u8221\'94 there will be a \u8220\'93Tutorial.scriv\u8221\'94 folder where you chose to save it). If you drill into one of those folders, you will (reassuringly, I hope) discover that all of your work is actually stored as multiple RTF and XML files inside various subfolders. This means that even in the worst possible crash case, if a .scriv project became hopelessly corrupted (although I hope this will never happen), you would still be able to open and edit all of your work in another program (such as Word). That said, you should not edit the RTF files inside a .scriv package in any other program if you intend to keep using them inside Scrivener, as this may cause problems with Scrivener\u8217\'92s footnotes, comments, links and search features. Use the }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 File > Export > Files\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  feature if you want to get your files out of Scrivener.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Working With Cloud Services}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Many users these days work across multiple machines and use a cloud service such as Dropbox to sync their files between computers. This is entirely possible with Scrivener files, but because of Scrivener\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s file format structure, there are some gotchas that you need to bear in mind when working with Scrivener projects stored on Dropbox or other cloud services. We have an article in our Knowledge Base containing everything you need to know on this subject here:}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://scrivener.tenderapp.com/help/kb/cloud-syncing/using-scrivener-with-cloud-sync-services"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs26\b0\i0 http://scrivener.tenderapp.com/help/kb/cloud-syncing/using-scrivener-with-cloud-sync-services}}}