{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 LinLibertineO;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Italic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\fi-360\li1440\lin1440}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx1040\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1 (You can skip this section if you don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t plan on syncing projects with Scrivener for iOS.)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Scrivener is also available for the iPad and iPhone (via the iOS App Store), so that you can work on your projects anywhere. Follow the instructions below to sync your projects with our iOS version. Note that you will need a Dropbox account (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.getdropbox.com"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs26\b0\i0 http://www.getdropbox.com}}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 ) to sync. If you don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t have or want a Dropbox account, you can copy projects via iTunes or third-party device file managers (see below).}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Syncing With Dropbox}
\par\pard\plain \li850\fi561\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	1.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Any projects you want to share with the iOS version must be placed in your Dropbox folder. When you set up sync in Scrivener for iOS, you are asked to choose a subfolder inside Dropbox, and the iOS version will sync anything inside the folder you choose. The default setting is Dropbox\\Apps\\Scrivener, so we\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ll use that as our example. We\u8217\'92ll assume the folder already exists in Dropbox (it will do if you\u8217\'92ve set up sync in the iOS version\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 follow the instructions in the iOS tutorial for details on that if necessary).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	2.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 To sync an existing project, first make sure it is closed on your PC, then move the entire project folder (ending in \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93.scriv\u8221\'94) into the Dropbox\\Apps\\Scrivener folder in File Explorer. You can then open it again on your PC from its new location in Dropbox if you wish.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	3.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 To create a new project that you want available on iOS, go to}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0  File > New Project}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 , select a project template, and choose to save it inside the Dropbox\\Apps\\Scrivener folder when prompted for a save location.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	4.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Before opening a project on iOS, ensure that Dropbox on your PC has fully synced (check that there is no activity indicator in the Dropbox icon in the system tray; we  recommend you set the Dropbox tray icon to always show).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	5.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Whenever you have made any changes to projects on your PC, be sure to tap the sync button in Scrivener for iOS so that all changes get downloaded.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	6.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Edit your project on your iPhone or iPad and tap the sync button in the iOS version when you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re done.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	7.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 When returning to your PC, once more ensure that Dropbox has finished syncing by checking the icon in the menu bar.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	8.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 You can now carry on working on your project. You are free to leave your Scrivener projects open on the computer while editing them on iOS. When Scrivener for Windows detects that changes have been made with the iOS version, it will tell you that it needs to incorporate those changes into the project. It will then do so, closing and reopening the project. (If the project was closed, it will do all of this when you next open the project.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	9.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Scrivener for Windows detects changes whenever it becomes active. If you know you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve made changes on iOS and Scrivener on the PC doesn\u8217\'92t tell you about them, simply choose}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0  Sync > with Mobile Devices}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0  from the File menu. This will force Scrivener to check for any changes.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1200\tx1440\li1440\fi-360\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Note that \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Sync > with Mobile Devices}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94 just looks for changes that have been made to the current project on iOS devices. No changes will be found if the project has not been edited on iOS, or if it is not stored in the Dropbox folder.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\b0\i1\ul\ulc0 Dealing with Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b0\i0 When syncing across devices, it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s important to remember that each device stores its own copy of the project (if it didn\u8217\'92t, you wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to access projects without an Internet connection). When you sync, Scrivener updates the copy on your PC and the copy on your iOS device (when next you sync it) so that they are both the same. If you make edits to the same document on more than one device without syncing, however, conflicts may arise because the two copies will be different.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b0\i0 For instance, suppose you edit a scene on your iPad, then return to your computer without syncing and start editing the same scene\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 in this case, there will now be two different versions of it, one on your iPad, and one on your computer. When this occurs, on the next sync, Scrivener will tell you that conflicts have been found. Scrivener will always do its best to resolve all conflicts without requiring you to do anything, but in a case like this, it will create a \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Conflicts\u8221\'94 folder at the bottom of the binder and place one of the versions of the document inside it as a separate document.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i0 If this happens, be sure to compare the two versions of the document and decide which one you want to keep. You can open Scrivener\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s split screen feature to look at them side-by-side and copy between them, and then delete the one you do not need. This won\u8217\'92t normally be a problem, however\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it will only happen if you make changes to the same project on two devices without syncing before moving between devices.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Copying Between Devices Using iTunes}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\sa120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b0\i0 If you have the iOS version but don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t want to use Dropbox, you can copy projects to and from your iPhone or iPad using iTunes as follows:}
\par\pard\plain \li850\fi561\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	1.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Open iTunes and connect with your device.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	2.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Select the device you wish to update.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	3.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Select \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Apps\u8221\'94 in the sidebar.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	4.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Scroll down to \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93File Sharing\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	5.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Select Scrivener in the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Apps\u8221\'94 list.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	6.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Click the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Add\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 button in iTunes and select your Scrivener project }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 folder}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0  (ending in \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93.scriv\u8221\'94) using the file dialog box. This will add the project to the \u8220\'93Documents\u8221\'94 list in iTunes (you may also be able to drag and drop projects in and out of the list).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs26\b0\i0	7.	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Select a project in the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Documents\u8221\'94 list and click on \u8220\'93Save to\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 to copy a project from your device to your PC\u8217\'92s hard drive.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\fi562\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Any third-party tool capable of managing files on your iOS device can substitute for iTunes. You will need to consult the instructions for your preferred software.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Important}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0 : some file management tools may merge a project folder when copying a project into a location where a project by that same name already exists. Merging should never be done. If necessary, delete or rename the older version of the project first, and then copy the updated version of the project so that it creates the project from scratch.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1040\fi560\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i0 Okay, on to Step 23, the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93And Finally\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 bit.}}